#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",Tropical Murphy's Cam Thailand
https://youtu.be/embed/MG8aoZQuhzk
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",TENERIFE AIRPORT
https://youtu.be/embed/dyCxFZgrGXw
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",TENERIFE AIRPORT 2
https://youtu.be/embed/AAlo3eCPVbk
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",PUERTO del CARMEN BEACH Lanzarote
https://youtu.be/embed/2RS-12YQVI4
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",FUERTEVENTURA AIRPORT
https://youtu.be/embed/JMFFi4Ma5M4
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",LANZAROTE CRUISE SHIP DOCK
https://youtu.be/embed/AkszDPeVaVg
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",Niagara Falls
https://youtu.be/embed/W3D3dEpR3bs
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",Mulberry Little Italy NYC
https://youtu.be/embed/x-Ec7tN7yXk
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",Herald Square NYC
https://youtu.be/embed/tua7of0Dtp0
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",NYC Live Cam
https://youtu.be/embed/83VPsAPWiME
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",Chicago Skydeck
https://youtu.be/embed/sQxL8t0gtu8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",Rio de Janeiro
https://youtu.be/embed/bwQyNMjsG3k
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",Seaside Heights NJ
https://youtu.be/embed/FpkJ6hwJmic
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",Sydney
https://youtu.be/embed/5uZa3-RMFos
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",Tokio Spacer
https://youtu.be/embed/cH7VBI4QQzA
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",Bank of America Winter Village SkateCam
https://youtu.be/embed/VVBU63T23j8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",Times Square 1560 Broadway View Live
https://youtu.be/embed/4qyZLflp-sI
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",Las Vegas Aerie View Live
https://youtu.be/embed/jtvmwjzZY0c
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",BOY SAYONG AGDAO DAVAO CITY PHILIPPINES
https://youtu.be/embed/gwSO8WXTtNc
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",Yellowstone National Park
https://youtu.be/embed/SGO66WWTanQ
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",Crystal Bay Yacht Club Thailand 
https://youtu.be/embed/5FNI26lPfgE
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",Brazilian Seaside
https://youtu.be/embed/hNETVAoQ2OE
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",Rhodes Island Greece
https://youtu.be/embed/WTarrTbsS2Q
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World Cam",World famous Plane Beach
https://youtu.be/embed/LtzkkAeW_Qg
